So I'm done with all Phone Screening + 3 onsite interviews.
What do you thing odds are on my side?
Cannot disclose the questions :)


Phone Screening:


A Tree based DFS question with 2 followups (med-hard)
Solved it pretty quick missed an edge case but got through it.
Onsite 1: (Best round)


It was a DP question, spicy variation on LIS + 2 followups
Best round I would say, we had 10 min left even after coding the folloups
Self Verdict : Strong Hire
Onsite 2: (Hell round)


It was a hashmap easy-med question but the question was so vague it took 5-10 min to clarify the requirenemnt, but solved it with required complexity.
But the follow-up question OMFG (Interviewer just said look at you code and figure out the issue from production point of view, I was trying to get the hints but got none)
I spent like 10+ min see is there any issue with the code and there was none
So I asked him again like what exactly are we looking for then he said Just look (Crying Emoji).
Then idk how I said MLE issue might occur in map, and then he finally said "umm umm what can you do about it"
I got what he exactly wanted but by that time only 10 min were left, so panicked a little. But came up with optimal solution, the coding part was messed up.
I wrote the code within like 3 min left on clock, It was messy (I missed Linked-list null pointer check) and also the way I used inbuilt Linkedlist of Java was incorrect, but logically my followup approach was 100% correct.
We did a quick dry run logically (not refering to code) and it looked ok.
Since we were done with the time, I'm not sure if he had any more questions for me.
Self Verdict: lean no hire/ lean hire
Onsite 3: (Decent-good round)


So it was a graph question (med-hard), It could be solved with DFS/ BFS.
The followup was tricky (DFS/ BFS + DP)
So we had our discussion and I explained him my approach, it seemed ok, but I was not able to put it in words cause obviously recursion.
We mostly had discussion around this question
Some Mistakes during discurssion
At first I said TC : V + E, then
he asked what would be E (which I said it should be n, but corrected it later to n*(n-1))
Then little bit more dry run and I realized that TC would be V * E (withoud DP)
Then Again like 3 min later I said no TC will be V + E
So without DP it was (V * E)
With DP it was (V + E)
Interviewer was very helpfull and in the end we agreed on O(V + E)
There was no time left to code the followup (I felt interviewer was more inclined towards discussion rather than code, not sure if he also wanted me to code it)
Self Verdict Lean-Hire/ Hire
Googliness


Self Verdict: Strong Hire